Yehor Zhornovyi
Python Software Engineer

yehorzhornvovyi@gmail.com

+380975984815

Lviv, Ukraine

https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/~0193f1b13e080230d5

@zhornovyi

Profile

I am a dynamic and forward-thinking software engineer with over 3 years of Python expertise and
a solid foundation in software engineering, adept problem-solving, and comprehensive testing. My
passion lies in delivering top-tier code and resilient system solutions to a global audience.

Skills

Python (multithreading, asyncio, pytest, regex, pydantic, pandas)

Web Frameworks (FastAPI, Flask, Django, Django REST Framework)

Databases (PostgreSQL, SQLite, DynamoDB, Redis, MongoDB)

Amazon Web Services (EC2, ElastiCache, Lambdas, DynamoDB, S3)

Applied Sciences (Design patterns, Domain Driven design, REST, gRPC, SOLID, KISS)

Deployment (Docker, Git, Bash, Linux)

Frontend (Javascript, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap5)

Aug 2022 – Jul 2023

Python Developer, Tempest

Professional Experience

Tempest.com 
is  a  privacy-focused  search  engine.  The  main
responsibility  on  this  project  was  to  maintain  the  group  of
microservices that brings Wikipedia data to search engine page.
Responsibilities:

•Developed of wikipedia parser to extract information and generate 
JSON objects representing infoboxes;
•Implemented  an  API  called  Wikibox  that  transformed  the  infobox 
JSON objects into the desired format;
•Increased data coverage by continuously enhancing the parsers and 
providing new data sources.
•Maintained  the  Wikicard  functionality  and  provided  continued  bug 
fixing; 

Technologies: 
BeautifulSoup

FastAPI,  Redis,  DynamoDB, 

asyncio,  pytest,


Nov 2020 – Aug 2022

Python Developer, Internet Archive

I've been working on the Scribe3 project—an advanced desktop app 
for digitizing books. It runs on a network of 100+ machines and scans 
100,000 books monthly.
Responsibilities:

•Analysed the software for other ways to improve it, designing 
changes, adding tests, and refactoring legacy code to suit future 
development better;
•Conducted testing to ensure the reliability and functionality of the 
implemented solutions;
•Developed a dashboard for tracking book scanning results by the 
team.

Performed many project management features, breaking down tasks, 
reviewing code, and guiding a team of 2 developers.

•Technologies: Python, Kivy, Flask, Linux, PyTest, multithreading, 
cashing

Python Developer, freelance
Python project which integrates Zoho CRM Deals data with Google 
Analytics sending event hits to Google Analytics property.
Responsibilities:

•Integrated the CRM system API with Google Analytics;
•Enabling 24-hour data synchronization and generating email 
notifications. 

Technologies: Python, Flask, AWS, EC2, Google API

Vice-President for IT Department, 
Board European Students of Technology
At BEST, a distinguished non-profit student organisation dedicated to 
orchestrating diverse student-centric events, 
Responsibilities: 

•team management
•design and development Telegram Bots
•maintaining websites and environment

Technologies: Python, TelegramAPI, Wordpress, MongoDB 

Sep 2020 – Nov 2020

Sep 2020 – Jun 2021

Lviv

2022 – 2023

2018 – 2022

Ukrainian

Education

Master of Science in Computer Science, 
Lviv Polytechnic University

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, 
Lviv Polytechnic University

Languages

English